# Spring 2019 - Water Tank Sensor System/Outdoor Calinsthenics Gym
  In the spring of my first year, I joined Lehigh University's chapter of the Engineers Without Borders. I was assigned to a project to research a water level sensor for a water tank being designed by the Lehigh Valley Professional Chapter of the Engineers Without Borders in the Dominican Republic. After a few weeks of research, our chapter decided to change our project to focus on assisting the design of a fellow Lehigh student looking to construct an outdoor gym on Bethlehem's Greenway. Through this process, I learned a lot about flexibility and responding to the needs of the community or organization I am working for.
  
# Fall 2019 - Chill Challenge
  In the fall of 2019, our chapter asked for individuals who would like to work to submit a proposal to the [Chill Challenge][https://www.ewb-usa.org/chill-challenge/]. The Chill Challenge was called to attempt to develop affordable off-grid refrigeration for people living in developing countries, who currently have no feasible access to it. After I was given leadership of this group, we began researching efficient cooling mechanisms and suitable power generation methods for the refrigerator. We also began designing a 3D model of the cooling space. Our initial research returned a few options. The most obvious cooling mechanism was vapor compression cycle, which is standard in the overwhelming majority of refrigeration systems. It is very reliable and efficient; however, it often uses refrigerants with high global warming potential. We also came across thermoelectric cooling, an extremely inefficient, but reliable cooling mechanism. For power generation, we researched diesel electric generators, solar panels, and biogas electric generation. Biogas is the gas that can be extracted from animal manure. If properly filtered, it can be converted to natural gas, which can be used in a natural gas electric gernerator. After doing our preliminary research, we prioritized our goals. After some discussion, we decided to focus on ensuring reliability, accessibility, and sustainability. Reliability is essential because of the location that our design would be implemented in. 
